<font color="red">This project is not afflicted with Staffbase. This is merely a personal project.</font>
# Staffbase Demo Installations

 *A demo automation tool, built on express, responsible for generating Staffbase News and installing frequently used plugins to Staffbase demo environments.*
### Project Breakdown:

##### What is Staffbase?
Staffbase is a leading **employee communications platform** that provides companies with tools to connect with their workforce, regardless of location or device. It essentially functions as a **mobile-first intranet** accessible via a branded employee app and also through desktop browsers. In other words, you can think of it as a private website for companies to share updates, documentation, and build community with their workforce. 
##### Problem:
When spinning up a demo environment to present the solution, there are two time consuming tasks that need to be done to get the environment "demo ready."

1. <u>News Generation</u>: Demo environments contain boiler plate content that is not specific to a customers organization. Typically sales reps must manually search for news content on the web and manually copy that content to Staffbase. This can take up 5 mins to 1 hour depending how personalized you would like the environment.
2. <u>Plugin Installations</u>: When a demo environment is spun up, demo critical features in the form of plugins need to be manually installed. This includes features like the Launchpad, Chat, Microsoft Integrations, Campaigns, Mobile Quicklinks, Custom Widgets, Journeys, and HR Integrations. This can take 15 to 30 minutes to install.
##### Solution:
Staffbase Demo Installations automates the manual task of News Generation and Plugin Installations through a series of scripts accessible through two endpoints.

**News Generations**:

POST `/bulkscrape/linkedin/article`

This endpoint executes the generation of Staffbase news through the help of the [Apify Linkedin Post Scrapper](https://apify.com/curious_coder/linkedin-post-search-scraper), [Google Gemini API](https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs#javascript), and various [Staffbase APIs](https://developers.staffbase.com/api/). When a POST request is made:

1. The public posts from the customer's Linkedin company page is scrapped.
2. Google Gemini is then prompted to convert the scrapped posts into long articles or short updates using Google Gemini.
3. The articles or short updates are then posted to a specified channel in the Staffbase demo environment or channels are autogenerated based on the posts, through the help of Google Gemini, and then the articles or updates are organized and post to those channels.

**Plugin Installation**:

POST `/installations`

This endpoint installs or adds content to all of the following plugins with the help of the Google [Google Gemini API](https://ai.google.dev/gemini-api/docs#javascript), the [Puppeteer JS library](https://pptr.dev/), and various [Staffbase APIs](https://developers.staffbase.com/api/) when a POST request is made:

1. Chat
2. Launchpad
3. Journey
4. Microsoft Integrations
5. Campaigns 
	- Auto generates campaigns and organizes post in them with help of Google Gemini API.
6. Mobile Quicklinks
7. Custom Widgets
8. HR Integration
